README.md, before:

### README.md

#### Links to some of my open-source contribution in one place

List of my [ruby gems](https://rubygems.org/profiles/agilecreativity#)

- [agile_utils][]
- [code_lister][]
- [ebooks_renamer][]
- [ebooks_renamer][]
- [eeepub_ext][]
- [extension_lister][]
- [filename_cleaner][]
- [folders_renamer][]
- [gem_bootstrap][]
- [github_exporter][]
- [html2pdf][]
- [index_html][]
- [mp4_renamer][]
- [pdfs2pdf][]
- [source2epub][]
- [source2pdf][]
- [vim_printer][]

#### My Personal Blogs

- [agilecreativity.com](http://agilecreativity.com)
- [choomnuan.com](http://choomnuan.com)

---

[agile_utils]: https://github.com/agilecreativity/agile_utils
[code_lister]: https://github.com/agilecreativity/code_lister
[ebooks_renamer]: https://github.com/agilecreativity/ebook_renamer
[ebooks_renamer]: https://github.com/agilecreativity/ebooks_renamer
[eeepub_ext]: https://github.com/agilecreativity/eeepub
[extension_lister]: https://github.com/agilecreativity/extension_lister
[filename_cleaner]: https://github.com/agilecreativity/filename_cleaner
[folders_renamer]: https://github.com/agilecreativity/folders_renamer
[gem_bootstrap]: https://github.com/agilecreativity/gem_bootstrap
[github_exporter]: https://github.com/agilecreativity/github_exporter
[html2pdf]: https://github.com/agilecreativity/html2pdf
[index_html]: https://github.com/agilecreativity/index_html
[mp4_renamer]: https://github.com/agilecreativity/mp4_renamer
[pdfs2pdf]: https://github.com/agilecreativity/pdfs2pdf
[source2epub]: https://github.com/agilecreativity/source2epub
[source2pdf]: https://github.com/agilecreativity/source2pdf
[vim_printer]: https://github.com/agilecreativity/vim_printer

Commit message:

Add how to search and replace with Vim and useful ruby gems

README.md, after:

### README.md

### Tips and Howtos

- [Quickly search and replace multple string with Vim and some useful rubygems](articles/search-and-replace.md)

#### Links to some of my open-source contribution in one place

List of my [ruby gems](https://rubygems.org/profiles/agilecreativity#)

- [agile_utils][]
- [code_lister][]
- [ebooks_renamer][]
- [ebooks_renamer][]
- [eeepub_ext][]
- [extension_lister][]
- [filename_cleaner][]
- [folders_renamer][]
- [gem_bootstrap][]
- [github_exporter][]
- [html2pdf][]
- [index_html][]
- [mp4_renamer][]
- [pdfs2pdf][]
- [source2epub][]
- [source2pdf][]
- [vim_printer][]

#### My Personal Blogs

- [agilecreativity.com](http://agilecreativity.com)
- [choomnuan.com](http://choomnuan.com)

---

[agile_utils]: https://github.com/agilecreativity/agile_utils
[code_lister]: https://github.com/agilecreativity/code_lister
[ebooks_renamer]: https://github.com/agilecreativity/ebook_renamer
[ebooks_renamer]: https://github.com/agilecreativity/ebooks_renamer
[eeepub_ext]: https://github.com/agilecreativity/eeepub
[extension_lister]: https://github.com/agilecreativity/extension_lister
[filename_cleaner]: https://github.com/agilecreativity/filename_cleaner
[folders_renamer]: https://github.com/agilecreativity/folders_renamer
[gem_bootstrap]: https://github.com/agilecreativity/gem_bootstrap
[github_exporter]: https://github.com/agilecreativity/github_exporter
[html2pdf]: https://github.com/agilecreativity/html2pdf
[index_html]: https://github.com/agilecreativity/index_html
[mp4_renamer]: https://github.com/agilecreativity/mp4_renamer
[pdfs2pdf]: https://github.com/agilecreativity/pdfs2pdf
[source2epub]: https://github.com/agilecreativity/source2epub
[source2pdf]: https://github.com/agilecreativity/source2pdf
[vim_printer]: https://github.com/agilecreativity/vim_printer
